Create ui-c8y-1023-54-0-migrate-external-device-enrolment-plugin-to-a-self-scoped-plugin-10716.md (#4375)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/device-management/ui-c8y-1023-54-0-migrate-external-device-enrolment-plugin-to-a-self-scoped-plugin-10716.md

---
date: ""

> title: Device Enrolment Plugin and thin-edge.io quick link

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Device enrolment plugin now provided by default
```

product_area: Device management & connectivity
change_type:
  - value: change-QHu1GdukP
    label: Feature
component:
  - value: component--KIsStyzM
    label: Device Management app
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-pjJiURv9Y
    label: ui-c8y
ticket: DM-5259
version: 1023.54.0
---

> The Device enrolment plugin is now a standard Device Management plugin included by default. It provides a quick link to the thin-edge.io setup wizard, available in both the new welcome widget and the "Quick-links" widget.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Device enrolment plugin is now a standard Device Management plugin included by default. It provides a quick link to the thin-edge.io setup wizard, available in both the new welcome widget and the "Quick links" widget.
```

> The Device enrolment plugin is now a standard Device Management plugin included by default. It provides the Try thin-edge.io quick link and its associated setup wizard, available in both the new Welcome Widget and the quick-links widget.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Device enrolment plugin is now a standard Device Management plugin included by default. It provides a quick link to the thin-edge.io setup wizard, available in both the new welcome widget and the "Quick-links" widget.
```

---
date: ""

> title: migrate external device enrolment plugin to a self-scoped plugin (#10716) [GRAFT][release/cd] (#11385)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
title: Device Enrolment Plugin and thin-edge.io quick link
```

product_area: Device management & connectivity
change_type:
  - value: change-QHu1GdukP
    label: Feature
component:
  - value: component--KIsStyzM
    label: Device Management app
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-pjJiURv9Y
    label: ui-c8y
ticket: DM-5259
version: 1023.54.0
---
# Backport

This will backport the following commits from `develop` to `release/cd`:
- [feat(Device management app): [DM-5272] migrate external device
enrolment plugin to a self-scoped plugin
(#10716)](https://github.com/Cumulocity-IoT/cumulocity-ui/pull/10716)

<!--- Backport version: 9.5.1 -->

### Questions ?
Please refer to the [Backport tool
documentation](https://github.com/sorenlouv/backport)

[DM-5272]:
https://cumulocity.atlassian.net/browse/DM-5272?atlOrigin=eyJpIjoiNWRkNTljNzYxNjVmNDY3MDlhMDU5Y2ZhYzA5YTRkZjUiLCJwIjoiZ2l0aHViLWNvbS1KU1cifQ

> Co-authored-by: Dominik Schmitz <dominik.schmitz@cumulocity.com>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Device enrolment plugin is now a standard Device Management plugin included by default. It provides the Try thin-edge.io quick link and its associated setup wizard, available in both the new Welcome Widget and the quick-links widget.

The four-step wizard simplifies the connection of physical Linux devices or Docker containers by providing a generated curl command that automates installation and cloud configuration. This process streamlines registration through guided device naming and automated certificate handling, concluding with instant verification of connectivity and data transmission to the platform.
```
